add metadata information to PROTOCOL.md (#1473)
delta-io/delta: PROTOCOL.md

name| Name of this (possibly nested) column
type| String containing the name of a primitive type, a struct definition, an array definition or a map definition
nullable| Boolean denoting whether this field can be null
metadata| A JSON map containing information about this column. Keys prefixed with `Delta` are reserved for the implementation. See [metadata](#metadata) for more information on column level metadata that clients must handle when writing to a table.

### metadata
This field include column mapping information to avoid any column naming restrictions.

> Field Name | Description

Reviewer: You can give an example of what types of keys/values are stored in the metadata. which is just a map of String->JSON-encoded value.

For example, the Column Mapping section gives some examples. he physical name is stored as part of the column metadata with the key delta.columnMapping.physicalName. The column id is stored within the metadata with the key delta.columnMapping.id. The column mapping is governed by the table property delta.columnMapping.mode and can be one of none, id, and name.
```

Generated columns also gives an example. The metadata for a column in the table schema MAY contain the key delta.generationExpression.
```
The metadata for a column in the table schema MAY contain the key delta.generationExpression.
```
The physical name is stored as part of the column metadata with the key delta.columnMapping.physicalName. The column id is stored within the metadata with the key delta.columnMapping.id. The column mapping is governed by the table property delta.columnMapping.mode and can be one of none, id, and name.
```

keyType| The type of element used for the key of this map, represented as a string containing the name of a primitive type, a struct definition, an array definition or a map definition
valueType| The type of element used for the key of this map, represented as a string containing the name of a primitive type, a struct definition, an array definition or a map definition

### Column Metadata
A column metadata stores various information about the column.
For example, this MAY contain some keys like [`delta.columnMapping`](#column-mapping) or [`delta.generationExpression`](#generated-columns).  
Field Name | Description
-|-

> delta.columnMapping| This is to avoid any column naming restrictions, and to support the renaming and dropping of columns without having to rewrite all the data. The more information is [Column Mapping](#column-mapping)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
delta.columnMapping.*| These keys are used to store information about the mapping between the logical column name to  the physical name. See [Column Mapping](#column-mapping) for details.
```

there are multiple metadata entries with that columnMapping prefix

> delta.identity.xxx| This is for defining identity columns. The more information is [Identity Columns](#identity-columns)

Reviewer 2: super minor: make this consistent with the format of column mapping
```suggestion
delta.identity.*| These keys are for defining identity columns. See [Identity Columns](#identity-columns) for details.
```

delta.invariants| Always JSON string. The more information is [Column Invariants](#column-invariants)

> delta.generationExpression| Always parsed as SQL expression. The more information is [Generated Columns](#generated-columns)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
delta.generationExpression| SQL expression string. See [Generated Columns](#generated-columns) for details.
```

> delta.generationExpression| Alaways parsed as SQL expression. The more information is [Generated Columns](#generated-columns)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
delta.generationExpression| Always parsed as SQL expression. The more information is [Generated Columns](#generated-columns)
```
